This is a new program designed to group receiver functions from 
common distance and azimuth bins so the results can be processes as
if they were single events.  This depends, of course, on the 
data being already deconvolved or it is totally irrational.
This came up originally because S Rfs from STEEP needed this features.
Probably will be useful for the P data as well.  

Some concepts off the bat that come to mind.
1.  Output of this is simple - a cluster table.  gridid should be some
arbitrary number generated internally.
2.  Binning should be driven by a tbl that gives azimuth ranges and 
distance ranges.  It should be possible to overlap the ranges without
prejudice.
3. Should generate a hypocentroid table so the results can use the
hypocentroid as a virtual source point.
4.  This should be a good application of the new EventCatalog object.  The
subset generic component of this object is ideal for this.  We can set
up the geometry and run the subset method for each cell to produce the 
result.
5. Calculating the hypocentroid will be a bit nontrivial.  Reason is that we 
have to be careful about things like crossing the dateline.  I think the best 
approach is to do this in polar coordinates.  That is, grid will be centered on some referenc point anyway.  For each event in a subset compute a vector
of distance and back azimuths.  The centroid of angle and distances should
be an ok approximation here because by definition we are at teleseismic
distances so a divergence effect which, I think, would make this not quite
the same as a true centeroid should not be a big deal.  This is definitely
an approximation.  Think of the example of a radial-distance range patch.
It is easy to conceive examples of points in such a path that would have
a different centroid in polar coordinates from a pole to this patch 
that what one would estimate from local cartesian coordinates.  Still
this should not matter for this application.  It would if this were adapted
to something like event location hypocentroids.  


Probably want to pass the output of this program through a stacker.  Stacker would straight sum 
ensembles made by clusterid:sta:chan.  This is a differnt application.
